Update publish-uwp-app-store.md (#2233)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/publish-uwp-app-store.md

1. Associate the application with the reserved name, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Associate App with the Store**.

> 1. Create the app package, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Create App Packages**.  Select the target configurations.  Note: 32-bit is not supported for Arm due to dependencies on Edge which does not support Arm32. 32/64-bit versions of the WebView2 Runtime will work in UWP on non Arm platform:

Reviewer: global: ARM allcaps.  
Microsoft Edge (add Microsoft)

> 1. Create the app package, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Create App Packages**.  Select the target configurations.  Note: 32-bit is not supported for Arm due to dependencies on Edge which does not support Arm32. 32/64-bit versions of the WebView2 Runtime will work in UWP on non Arm platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the app package, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Create App Packages**.  Select the target configurations.  Note: 32-bit is not supported for ARM, due to dependencies on Microsoft Edge, which does not support ARM32. 32/64-bit versions of the WebView2 Runtime will work in UWP on non ARM platforms:
```

Reviewer: Are the non-supported configurations listed here in this UI, or not?

> 1. Create the app package, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Create App Packages**.  Select the target configurations.  Note: 32-bit is not supported for Arm due to dependencies on Edge which does not support Arm32. 32/64-bit versions of the WebView2 Runtime will work in UWP on non Arm platform:
> 
>    ![Package Selection](publish-uwp-app-store-images/package-selection.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the app package, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Create App Packages**.  Select the target configurations:

   ![Package Selection](publish-uwp-app-store-images/package-selection.png)

   32-bit and 64-bit versions of the WebView2 Runtime will work in UWP on non-ARM platforms.  32-bit is not supported for ARM, due to dependencies on Microsoft Edge, which doesn't support ARM32.
```

1. Associate the application with the reserved name, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Associate App with the Store**.

1. Create the app package, by selecting **Project** > **Publish** > **Create App Packages**.  Select the target configurations:

   ![Selecting target configurations](publish-uwp-app-store-images/package-selection.png)

>    32-bit and 64-bit versions of the WebView2 Runtime will work in UWP on non-ARM platforms.  32-bit is not supported for ARM, due to dependencies on Microsoft Edge, which doesn't support ARM32.

Reviewer 2: 32-bit and 64-bit versions of the WebView2 Runtime will work in UWP on non-ARM platforms.  32-bit is not supported for ARM, due to dependencies on Microsoft Edge.
